---
title: AOLserver on GitHub
layout: post
author:
    name: Dossy Shiobara
    url: http://dossy.org
---

So, I’ve finally gone crazy and have started pushing the contents of the
CVS repository from SourceForge up to GitHub:

  * "http://aolserver.github.com/":http://aolserver.github.com/
  * "http://github.com/aolserver":http://github.com/aolserver

I'm hoping this will make it easier for people to fork the code, make
their own individual changes, and share those changes with the rest of
the community. I'm hoping this will effectively eliminate any previous
barriers to contibution - fork the code on github as much as you'd like
in your own account, share your changes with whoever you please.

Is this an "official" change? Of course not! The code still lives in CVS
at SourceForge, like it always has - but now a copy with full CVS
history is up at GitHub, as well. At this point, what does it mean to be
"official" anyway, right?

As of right now, I've only imported the "aolserver" module from CVS into
GitHub. Over the next several weeks, I plan to import all the modules
from CVS, but this takes time.

A nice feature of GitHub is the included "Issues" system, their Wiki,
and their static page hosting. If I get really ambitious, I might look
to move as much of the AOLserver documentation as I can into the GitHub
Pages area.

As usual, feel free to flame me for running off into the weeds and just
doing something without "getting consensus" or "involving the community"
but I'm hoping at least a few of you will find this work worthwhile. If
you have any positive comments and/or suggestions, don't hesitate to get
in touch with me: I'd love to hear what you think.

AOLserver's not dead, yet. ;-)
